[Music]
good morning everybody so I'm off to
lectures this morning as per I've been
preferring walking at the moment just
cuz it gives me more time to clear my
mind and it's just nice and the cycling
really and it's not that far to my
lecture theatres from college so it's
not that bad
today's an exciting day because I'm
cooking for the staircase this evening
yes you heard me Paige is cooking and
yes I can't cook I'm doing some sort
wraps with like build your own wraps and
people can put their own fillings in
I've only got two hopes to work with we
don't have an oven but I'm gonna go
saves berries later
buy ingredients and do that but let's
just first part from that it's just a
bit of a study day today but should be
good so last week was definitely a very
stressful week like I wasn't his
overwork at one point which was
definitely not necessary so my aim this
week is to stay a bit less stressed bit
more calm about work and just stay on
top of things really I have got lots of
things planned I can go to three full
moons I've got rowing out against etc
but work is obviously always priority
across her quickly let's not get hit by
bus this morning now be good
yeah we'll see how things go
[Music]
okay and I've down in the kitchen and
I'm about to make dinner for the whole
staircase this should be interesting
I don't cook basically like I never cook
at home I never cook while at uni I
always go to the college cafeteria
tonight I try my hand at making some
right in front of you cheese no effort
well I might get well it's not cooking
okay a one did one day I'll grow cheese
for you if I don't get to wash up yep
so perhaps unsurprisingly will was very
unhelpful and did not help out with
cooking however I did manage to enlist
another fellow chef thank you very much
Ella for your help
let's also take a moment to appreciate
my chopping skills I didn't
cry when chopping the onion
I need to mix up my makeup
okay the food has just been served and
here is everyone who said I made this I
made this
[Music]
so my meal I think was a success in my
opinion there was a success I thought it
was tasty and it's all been eaten up I
think you know like a lot of food when I
was putting it in the pan but I think
like I could have made more perhaps but
it's got it down Wow
these are hungry students yes this is
the aftermath you it was very exciting I
now have a lot more respect than my mum
who cooks up cooking is hard well I
think I am keen on dry herbs and this is
my fellow chef so I've got another
washed up every single Friday night is
by cooking mm-hmm and the basically came
to my rescue but I do know much about
cooking like I had a plan but I needed
help actually executing the plan so I
just chop those and Chili's she helped
me a little bit but anyway it has been a
cooking success this evening now I'm
gonna go back to my room and do some
work
[Music]
later that evening I went back down to
the kitchen and played some card games
I won the card game going on this you
can't and look at this commitment I got
out of bed on a Saturday morning and got
going with my work
okay so I just breached from work to go
to brunch and then a rowing outing I
have wrapped hot warm as you can tell I
have these massive thick ski gloves on
my woolly hat in Jesus colors obviously
red and black representing the college
but it's absolutely freezing outside
I've only had about two hours or so off
work which is good so I'm out on the
river again tomorrow with the same crew
and now I'm going to get on with work
for the rest of the afternoon in the
evening so that should be good
hello everybody and welcome to this week
laundering segment Oh
Will's already at it this is so
efficient because you told me to
well doing we've told and helping out
with the laundry we're doing some lights
today and so well we got a few questions
on what we do laundry how many members
of wills family does it take to do the
laundry so for context wills parents
visit every few weeks and doing laundry
for him doing laundry
apparently all right how many members
one just one good to see I can do it
myself I said they've just started at
cam and my first laundry experience was
awful or any tips someone's just started
at Cambridge laundry well it depends on
what colors there are they haven't said
but we get context we get laundry free
yeah Emma get done emanuelle college get
it done for baby go to a manual they get
a laundry done Robert Robinson you have
to pay and the dryer doesn't actually
dry your clothes really yeah yeah so
they use a laundry we have it quite good
we do have to pay for our laundry
Oh my advice get some parents that are
within three a half hours by car and
that'll be enough yeah the left-hand
side one cause look at this stuff oh my
thought my laundry always smells so good
it was really good
this is actually Sainsbury's by
Sainsbury's and it makes a laundry smell
so good how many full dinners do you
have in a month what the college car all
I have do you go to how many formed in
as you go to come on
well currently I've been back I've been
to one however I'm going on one on
Monday one on Wednesday to the week
after you
I'm going on three next week three yes I
know three in one way one Monday Tuesday
and Friday well that concludes this
week's laundry segment thank you for
joining me well well you get excited for
next week's laundry segment laundry is
still going great here in Cambridge oh
yeah definitely
we love laundry I love it so much I
don't get it off to other people so this
evening I'm in sports gear yes you heard
me I've got some trainers on and a
Sports Talk underneath my jumper my
heads up I'm ready to do some sports
some exercise and you might be thinking
why the hell is page doing an exercise
like she said she was going to go to the
gym start-of-term has she actually gone
to the gym of course not but actually
this evening I'm participating in
Queen's
Oaks it's basically a race it's a rowing
race but it's on rowing machines and
it's like you have a crew and then it's
like a relay kind of thing so that the
first person raised 500 meters and
they're off and the other person onto
the earth machine and the nave row five
hundred meters so I have very little
experience of using a burrowing machine
very very little and I've literally got
no experience of using it at a high rate
and this is a sprint so I'm gonna be
trying to go very quickly and I thought
it was easy that it's gonna take like
what two three minutes to do this 500
meters and I'm like well that's like you
know exercise at all but everyone's like
it's really hardcore and I might need
some time to recover afterwards so now
I'm like stressing and like whoa
obviously I'm gonna put maximum effort
I'm quite a small person I don't have
much stamina wrong mate although I
suppose it's a sprint so do I need the
stamina I don't have much power in me I
don't think like I can't see myself
getting a very good time for this 500
meters in fact I can see myself being
the slowest but like you know what let
her give it my best shot
[Applause]
[Music]
and that quest I'm regressing my life
decision and this is my crew so here's
me completing my part of the relay for
the team it was a 500 meter sprint
please don't judge my technique I'm a
Cox not a rower and I'm not the best at
earning
okay so I mean they're just heading back
from Queens ergs quirks been there done
that got the t-shirt you can't actually
see it but it is under there I'll show
you it later it's all very exciting I
didn't die
which is good and it has no voice now
Ella should not be shouting or talking
at the moment she got way too much into
the cook sing spirit of it I started
shouting at everyone and while it was
great for motivating the team it was no
good for her voice at all she's dying
we're trying to give her as much water
as possible but like it's not good she
needs to be on voice rest for the rest
of the evening so I'm back in my room
and I've just made myself a sandwich for
dinner since I had a hot meal earlier
and I missed calf dinner this evening
because I was busy at Queen's eggs look
at my t-shirt 2018 Queen's eggs
I totally smashed it you know guys I
totally smashed it like I need to take
up rowing because clearly I'm destined
for her we didn't come last which was
good we did come second to last but to
be fair we were Jesus
nw3 so the third woman's team and we
were up against all like the second
women's teams from other colleges and I
think it's the taking part that counts
right and I've got a t-shirt out of it
so it was good fun you know it was good
fun I think I will stick to thing
but so now I'm quite hungry so we have
to sandwich then I've got work I really
do want to get done this evening so I'm
going to do two hours work yeah if I
give myself 20 minutes also to have my
dinner then I'm gonna do some work get a
good night's sleep the lectures getting
back into the swing of things tomorrow
good evening so a little update for you
today has been such a hectic day I've
had lectures in the morning and on the
way to that just had to drop work off in
my gap between lectures I had to work
solidly so I meet with my deadlines
after lectures I cycled back to college
at fast pace and then I had a really
quick lunch and then I was doing work
for an hour before having to cycle over
to West Cambridge for supervision I then
cycled back then had to get loads more
work done I was supposed to be going to
formal this evening but I thought hmm
hmm haven't quite got all my work done
it was stressing me out like I was gonna
have to stay up late after formal to get
this work done and to be honest it's
just not worth it when I could just miss
formal so I decided to skip for more
I've given my ticket to Tim and some of
the others are all going is that John's
as well as st. John's College for more
and I really wanted to go but I've got
so much work and I can't complain too
much because I have got two other
formals planned for this week so I think
3/4 was was a bit much anyway if I want
to keep up with my work so I feel a lot
more like stress-free much more calm now
that I've got this evenings do work as
well which is good so I'm sitting here
doing work so here we have well who ring
my room for me thank you well know
you're performing so I'd get going this
evening I'm going to for more with my
foolish family so that's McCulloh
parents one of my colours children my
college brothers their college families
is it's a big extended family formal I
had a lab today it was much better than
last week so I am in high spirits and
basically my pencil sharpener broke
could went all over the floor and you
know we'll saw it and was so distressed
by the fact that my floor was so messy
that he's decided to Hoover it up which
I am very grateful for starter named
desert okay so I've just got back from
formal but I'm a bit worried about
walking into my room because I love
people in my room idea and I get the
feeling that my roommates like me now
it's for me myself soon and I I don't
drink all my wine so I'm saving it for
another time I'm a little bit worried
about the state of my room but let's go
see what's happened
it looks tidy no tables always over
there I'm confused I can look tidy than
I left it which is that the vehicle
which is actually a good thing okay okay
this is this is interesting I don't
really know what to think cause it just
looks tidy like look
this well it's tidy you notice anything
missing no my clothes rack it's in
weights where it should be
did you take it downstairs right after I
put it downstairs everything is tidy we
pranked you because you like it messy
the prank why'd you just hide your room
we oh you bet she tidied my
room I don't believe you why would I
wait why would I lie even asking did
you'd miss you just tidy my room yeah we
pranked you we got you so good and here
we have me complaining a little bit more
about my work in case I haven't
complained enough already
I'm not going to put you guys through
listening to me complain and moan about
it like just get on with it page I've
now officially reached the halfway point
of term though are you proud of me
because I'm proud of myself
terms are 8 weeks long and I've just
completed week 4
[Music]
and hello so I confess it may be a
couple of weeks later now and I never
actually did get round to finishing this
vlog work just got too busy you saw the
work building up and yeah I just
literally forgot about vlogging to be
honest with you so here I am now two
weeks later and much in the same
position to be honest
still with lots of work but it's fine
I'm staying calm I'm still enjoying
myself this term which is good and yeah
I'm committed to blogging for the last
few weeks of terms so don't you worry
those vlogs are coming please do get the
video a like if you enjoyed it subscribe
down below hit the notification bell and
I'll see you soon with another video bye
[Music]